---
title: "Privacy Policy"
layout: post
date: 2020-07-04 11:30
tag: tips-and-tricks
blog: true
draft: false
author: sphilee
summary: "Privacy Policy"
permalink: Algorithm
---

### Your Consent
By using this website, related applications (unless otherwise indicated ***), products and services, you consent to this privacy policy and terms of use.
*** Food Visualizer extension

### Do we disclose any information to third parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to 3rd parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our web site, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.

We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

### What information do we collect?
We may collect information from you when you fill out a form, when ordering or registering on our web site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name or e-mail address. Any data we request that is not required will be specified as voluntary or optional.

Like most websites, we may use cookies, local storage or other similar technologies that are necessary to the proper functioning of our web site, related applications, tools and services, to enhance your experience and track visits to our website. Please refer to the "Do we use Cookies and Local Storage?" section below for information about cookies, local storage and how we use them.

### What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs and improve this website, related apps and services. We continually work to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.

### Do we use Cookies and Local Storage?
Yes. Cookies are small pieces of data that a site or its service provider can store locally on your own device through your Web browser, if you allow. You can learn more about cookies here.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads and measure how users interact with website content on our site. You can control the ads you see and/or opt out of interest-based ads. Learn more about advertising cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy and terms.

Also, we may collect and store information using HTML5 local storage and application data caches. We can use local storage to compile aggregate data about site traffic, site and apps interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and apps in the future. We do not store any personally identifiable information.

### Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

### Korea Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.

### Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). Our website, products and services are not intended for people under 13 years of age and are not directed at children. We do not knowingly solicit and do not collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age.

### Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website, products and services.

### Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

This policy was last modified on July 4, 2020

### Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us by email or by filling out the form.

Powered by Trust Guard PCI compliance scans.
